# AndroidDevChallenge
I am going to participate in this challenge and use machine learning on the android device. I will follow challenge rules defined here:
https://developer.android.com/dev-challenge

# My idea is:

to start simple :)
For many people and for some professions, the quality of the pictures taken is crucial. Sometimes pictures are taken in a hurry and in poor lighting conditions. Evaluating the quality of a photo using a small smartphone screen can be difficult and insufficient. This can lead to poor-quality photos and, ultimately, a missed opportunity to capture something unique, or simply the need to return and re-make them. Sometimes this is no longer possible and all work is lost. This may apply not only to tourists who will not be able to boast of their next great quality photos, but also to people whose work depends on a well-made photo. It is not only about journalists, but also all who document their work with photos, such as parcel suppliers, who in the absence of the addressee should take a photo of the delivered package and its label, policemen documenting the scene of the accident crime, insurance agents documenting damage, dermatologists photographing patients' skin lesions. They can also be farmers who, for the sake of their crops, photograph the leaves of cultivated plants to discover an approaching disease or pest attack early enough to apply appropriate protection. The quality of the pictures taken is fundamental. A solution to these problems could be an application that would assess the quality of the photo on an ongoing basis and give the shooter a hint whether it is good enough or should be repeated.
